So the very last step here for
this web page is we need
to make our very cool
jagged looking edges here.
So we have this awesome effect here
with these jagged edges, right?
Which is part of the sizzle
of this particular design.
We've got some up on the top and we've
got some down here on the bottom, and
they look absolutely amazing and and
everybody wants to know how to do that.
Well, we wait until the very end to
do it because we're going to do this
with background images and
we need to make sure everything is lining
up here within the webpage itself.
So, here is the way we are going
to go through that process.
So it is possible to have more than one
background image on the same element.
This was my learning experience
when putting this course together.
I did not know that you could have
two background images together on
the same element.
But it is in fact possible, and
it's gonna make this whole thing work.
So what I have created for
you is the little bit of that background
image that's going to give you
alternating little bits of white and
little bits of transparency to let
the other section shine through.
And we need now to assemble this so
that we have two background
images on the same section.
So, I'm going to start
here in your featured
section with the section featured style.
So for
me it's around line 373 in your CSS.
Hopefully for you, it's kind of similar.
So the way we're going to
set this up is as follows.
We have a background image here.
Right now,
this is called fem-feature-bkgd.png.
This is that white background with
the gray stripes in it, okay?
So that's the first thing.
We definitely need to keep that.
What we're going to do is add to this,
url and we're gonna say
../img/fem-feature-bottom.png.
And then a comma, and
then the other image that was here,
url ../img/fem-feature-bkgd.png.
So in other words,
we have two of these together.
Those quote marks are actually
kind of optional.
We make them match, okay?
So we've listed two
background images together in
the same declaration separated by a comma.
The order does matter because we want the
bigger image, the one with the stripes,
we want that on the bottom, and we want
this particular image on top of that.
So we're gonna list it second.
Then of course, for
background repeat and position,
we can put a comma and set up
the second set of parameters for that.
So in this case,
we're going to say repeat-x, repeat.
So for the first image it will
repeat only in the x direction
which is what we want for
that jagged line but
the other image will repeat in
both the x and the y directions.
For our background position,
we're going to say bottom center,
center center.
So, we want this skinny image we want down
at the bottom of the featured section,
and we want it to be centered, whereas our
background image will be centered as well.
And then of course,
we have our padding here.
Okay, how are we doing so far?
Okay, so
now let's take a look at our webpage.
If we refresh, and
scroll on down to the bottom.
Check it out.
It totally worked.
So the takeaway from this is that you can
have more than one background image on
the same class slash the same
container on your webpage.
The ordering of those background
images definitely matters.
You want the one that is going
to appear in the background,
that's the first one you want to list.
And the one that's gonna appear on top of
it, that's the second one that you list.
And then you can use your other
background properties to list, again,
comma-separated values for
those particular images, okay?
Okay, so the next one we're going to
do is add this to the intro style.
So we're going to go
back into layer intro,
and we are going to add this at
the intro image up here on the top.
And the first thing I'm going to do is
change my padding just a little bit here,
I'm going to say 4rem 0 10 rem 0, okay?
So in other words,
give me a little bit of extra room down
on the bottom of that intro image.
I have two images, once again, so
the comet image is going to actually
be listed second this time,
and the first image that
I'm going to list is url,
And this one will be
../img/fem-featured-top.png.
So that is that first image and
then we'll have our second comet image,
okay.
Hit return on that.
Then for the background repeats,
we want the first
one to repeat in the x direction,
no-repeat.
For background position, we want the first
one to be bottom center, and then 86% 10%.
Okay.
So on the intro, we have double
background images as well, okay?
And once you've done that,
we should be able to save.
And then take a look at your
Frontend Masters page here.
And when we refresh, you should have
your jagged image up there on the top.